Php-zero-cache 2.0 version
==========================

INTRODUCTION
------------

Php-zero-cache is a PHP bindings for the zero-cache kernel space caching system.

BUILDING
--------

You need the C++ compiler and SWIG to build this software.
Also the source code of the zero-cache system is needed.

1. Check what symlinks to zero-cache sources in `source` directory of the php-zero-cache project is
   correct.<br/>

2. Build binaries with GNU Make. Type this command in the project's root directory:

    $ make

4. Build debian package if you use Debian-based Linux distribution:

    $ make deb

You can find debian packages in the `php-zero-cache/deb` directory.

INSTALLING
----------

Debian-based Linux distribution users can install debian packages from
`php-zero-cache/deb` directory.

Another way is installing with Makefile default mechanism:

    $ make install

CONFIGURATION
-------------

You must specify following parameter in your php.ini config to use php-zero-cache module:

    enable_dl = On

USAGE
-----

**ATTENTION: You need the soft real-time or hard real-time Linux kernel to use
zero-cache server module!**

First of all you must load the server zero-cache module into your kernel:

    $ insmod source/server/zero_cache.ko

The `zero_cache` device file will be created at the `/dev` directory. Now the
zero-cache server is ready to work.

EXAMLPES
--------

Your client application must include the `zero_cache.php` file to access
zero-cache classes.

This is example of typical client application for Unix socket based connection:

    #!/usr/bin/env php

    <?php
    include("zero_cache.php");

    $client = new Client();

    $index = 0;
    $data = 1024;

    $client->WriteLong($index, $data);
    $result = $client->ReadLong($index);

More usage examples you can find in files of `test` directory.

COPYING
-------

Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the GNU Lesser General
Public License (LGPL). For details see the file `LICENSE` included with the zero-cache distribution.
